- [Instructor] Now that we've looked at
the simple, single-bean mapping in JSON binding,
let's take a look at a little complicated case
where we're trying to have a lot of
objects created the way we do it in our live projects.
Let's say I'm trying to take an order from
Amazon or eBay and trying to represent it
in the form of an object in Java.
I will have an order object.
Every order is for a customer,
so customer is another object.
Then every order, we have order details,
so order details could be shipping address to
where that order has to be shipped to,
or it could have the products that
the order comprises of and the amount
and all of those details.
We're going to create this entire object's set
within our project and then we'll see how to use
JSON binding for JSON serialization and de-serialization.
Let's start off by defining the fields first.
The first step is to create all the beans
as per the about icon that we saw.
Let's go back to the IDE.
Let's go to the beans folder and first create
a class called Order.
Let's create the skeleton of all the classes
that are in (mumbles)
and then we'll give it the fields.
Next is OrderDetails.
OrderDetails of course will have the product
and it will have an address.
All of this order things and order business
that we're doing is for a customer,
so we need the customer class.
Let's first go ahead and define the address fields.
That will be private String street,
private String city,
private String country, and private int zipcode.
I missed the semicolon here and I have misspelled
the private keyword; let's correct that.
On line number 19, I'm going to do a couple of steps.
One is I'm going to insert the code for getter setters.
Great.
The next big step, I'm going to make constructors
so that whenever we create data for these beans,
it will be easier to do it via
the param address constructors
rather than the default ones.
On line number 19, I'm generating
a param address constructor; that's the one.
Great.
NetBeans generates them for you.
You don't have to code it.
Do not forget the default rule.
We need the default constructor also
because JSON binding API will take that
into account during de-serialization.
Let's not forget that rule.
I'm going to also generate the default constructor.
So we add ID with the address bean; good.
Let's go ahead and define the properties
for the product bean.
This will have private int id,
private String name, yes,
and it will also have the manufacturer,
the one who manufactured the product.
It may also have the one who is shipping the product.
Shipping, and then you also could have under product
the price of course.
That will be a double variable.
Let's say price.
Let's call this shippingCompany.
That would be a little better.
This is good enough.
Now let's go ahead and right-click on
line number 20 and insert the code for getter setters.
That's nice.
And then of course the usual business, the constructors.
On line number 20, I'm going to say product
and generate a param address constructor.
And on line number 28,
I'm going to generate the default constructor.
There's one more thing that we should do,
is we should generate the toString method
because when we have the de-serialization process
coming in, we want to see the values of the fields
rather than looking at the texture
representation of the object.
So let's do that also.
On line 73, I'm going to generate
the toString method for all the fields.
There we go.
Let's do that for the address field as well.
Let's go down; right down on line 64,
let's say, right-click, Insert Code, toString.
Say Generate.
Next let's define the customer fields.
I'm gonna say private int customerId,
private String customerName,
private String emailAddress.
Then what else can a customer have?
Let's say if it is Amazon,
generally Amazon has a facility for Prime user.
So let's have a boolean value,
which will have private boolean isPrimeUser
who is able to access those videos on Amazon Prime,
for whom the shipping is free.
So that's the Prime user.
And the same three steps;
right-click, Insert Code, generate getter setters.
Then we need the constructors, so line number 20,
I'll have the param address constructor,
and on line 27, the default constructor.
Let's go right down, line number 63,
the toString method.
The first three basic classes are ready.
Now let's go to OrderDetails, and what will this have?
One order can have multiple products, correct?
So we want to say private list of products this time
with the generics index.
Products; what else?
It should definitely contain the shipping address,
so I'm going to take the reference of
the shipping address also, the address.
Let's label this property as shippingAddress
so it makes us clear about what that property's doing.
Of course it will have the total amount for that order,
so let's call a double again and totalAmount.
Next again, the same thing.
Insert the getter setters
and then insert the constructors.
Go down, line 55, insert the toString.
So now let's finally go to the order
and make sure that we have a reference to
all the other objects that we created.
So yes, it will definitely have
the OrderDetails reference.
In addition to that, it will have an order ID
and it will have the order date and the delivery date.
I'm going to use java.time API in order to get
the data types for the dates.
I don't wanna use java.util.Date,
let's use java.time; so I'm gonna say LocalDate.
It's coming from the java.time package.
Let's say this is orderDate.
And similarly another field on the next line,
which is again a LocalDate,
and let's say delivery date.
We have the order details of course.
And of course we have this order for a customer,
so I'm going to say private
and take the reference of the customer.
And then the next few steps are
exactly the same that you did for the other beans,
so insert the code for getter setters
and then on line 22, the constructors.
And then at the end, toString.
So a basic Java (mumbles) that we're
trying to have in our beans.
The entire structure has been created now.
Now we create data for this.
That's the next step.
You're to create instances of all beans.
We'll have data inside those beans
and we link all of them together.
We have to do that; we'll do that in the next video.